---
title: 收件人
ms.author: office365servicedesc
author: pamelaar
audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
f1_keywords:
- exchange-online-recipients
ms.service: o365-administration
localization_priority: Normal
ms.custom: Adm_ServiceDesc
ms.assetid: da22b03a-c981-49c6-9928-4312c2c5e2ee
description: 本主题介绍 Microsoft Exchange Online 中包含的收件人相关功能。 这包括电子邮件、联系人、通讯组、日历和日程安排功能。
ms.openlocfilehash: a2d1f37bf4f86399522573d18177f6c397fd761c
ms.sourcegitcommit: d2cd67e52dd646b68bfbfd8a387e70a6da140a62
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: zh-CN
ms.lasthandoff: 07/14/2020
ms.locfileid: "45132636"
---
# <a name="recipients"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-104">收件人</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-104">Recipients</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-105">This topic describes recipient-related features included with Microsoft Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-105">This topic describes recipient-related features included with Microsoft Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-106">This includes email, contacts, distribution groups, and calendar and scheduling capabilities.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-106">This includes email, contacts, distribution groups, and calendar and scheduling capabilities.</span></span>
  
## <a name="email"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-107">电子邮件</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-107">Email</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-108">Every Microsoft Exchange Online subscriber receives a mailbox, and specialty mailboxes are available for scheduling facilities resources (such as conference rooms) and for multiuser access to shared email addresses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-108">Every Microsoft Exchange Online subscriber receives a mailbox, and specialty mailboxes are available for scheduling facilities resources (such as conference rooms) and for multiuser access to shared email addresses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-109">Maximum storage limits apply to most mailboxes, and administrators can control allowable mailbox sizes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-109">Maximum storage limits apply to most mailboxes, and administrators can control allowable mailbox sizes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-110">Automated notifications and restrictions can alert users when their mailboxes are nearing, or at, capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-110">Automated notifications and restrictions can alert users when their mailboxes are nearing, or at, capacity.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-111">Exchange Online also has several types of message limitations—message size, message rate, and recipient list limits.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-111">Exchange Online also has several types of message limitations—message size, message rate, and recipient list limits.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-112">Details of all these features and limits are provided below.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-112">Details of all these features and limits are provided below.</span></span>
  
> [!NOTE]
> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-113">Exchange Online 不再支持 Catch-all 地址。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-113">Catch-all addresses are no longer supported in Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-114">由于收件人筛选功能可防止潜在的垃圾邮件，因此组织中不存在的电子邮件地址将被拒绝。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-114">Due to recipient filtering in place to protect against potential spam messages, email addresses that do not exist in your organization will be rejected.</span></span> 
  
### <a name="mailbox-types-storage-limits-and-capacity-alerts"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-115">邮箱类型、存储限制和容量警报</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-115">Mailbox types, storage limits, and capacity alerts</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-116">The amount of mailbox storage available to a user and the default mailbox size are determined by the mailbox type and the user's subscription license.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-116">The amount of mailbox storage available to a user and the default mailbox size are determined by the mailbox type and the user's subscription license.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-117">Administrators can reduce maximum mailbox sizes per user or globally.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-117">Administrators can reduce maximum mailbox sizes per user or globally.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-118">Exchange Online also provides notifications when a user's mailbox is nearing, or at, capacity.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-118">Exchange Online also provides notifications when a user's mailbox is nearing, or at, capacity.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="697aa-119">有关详细信息，请参阅[Exchange Online 限制](exchange-online-limits.md)主题中的 "邮箱存储限制" 和 "容量警报" 部分。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-119">For more information, see the "Mailbox storage limits" and "Capacity alerts" sections in the topic, [Exchange Online limits](exchange-online-limits.md).</span></span>
  
### <a name="mailtips"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-120">邮件提示</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-120">MailTips</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-121">MailTips are automated, informative messages that appear above the To: line while users are composing or addressing a message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-121">MailTips are automated, informative messages that appear above the To: line while users are composing or addressing a message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-122">They are designed to help prevent accidental delivery, policy violations, or unnecessary non-delivery reports (NDRs).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-122">They are designed to help prevent accidental delivery, policy violations, or unnecessary non-delivery reports (NDRs).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-123">For example, MailTips can generate an alert if senders try to send messages to overly large groups, to groups that contain external recipients, or to a distribution group that is moderated or restricted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-123">For example, MailTips can generate an alert if senders try to send messages to overly large groups, to groups that contain external recipients, or to a distribution group that is moderated or restricted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-124">For more information, see [MailTips](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=401472).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-124">For more information, see [MailTips](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=401472).</span></span>
  
### <a name="delegate-access"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-125">委派访问</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-125">Delegate access</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-126">Exchange Online 支持委派访问用户允许其他用户管理他们的电子邮件和日历的能力。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-126">Exchange Online supports delegate access—the ability for users to allow others to manage their email and calendars.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-127">委派访问通常用于经理和助理之间，其中助理可以处理经理的入站电子邮件消息并协调经理的计划。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-127">Delegate access is commonly used between a manager and an assistant, where the assistant processes the manager's incoming email messages and coordinates the manager's schedule.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-128">代理访问可由 Outlook 或 web 上的 Outlook 中的 Exchange Online 用户或 Exchange 管理中心中的管理员启用。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-128">Delegate access can be enabled by Exchange Online users in Outlook or Outlook on the web, or by administrators in the Exchange Admin Center.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="697aa-129">委派有两种类型的访问权限：</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-129">Delegates can have two types of access:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="697aa-130">**代表发送权限** 委派可以撰写电子邮件消息并在"发件人"字段输入其他人的姓名，其中它将显示为"代表 [人员姓名] 的 [代理人姓名]"。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-130">**Send on Behalf permissions** The delegate can compose email messages and enter the other person's name in the From field, where it will be displayed as "[delegate name] on behalf of [person's name]."</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="697aa-131">**Send As permissions** The delegate can send messages from the other person's mailbox as if the delegate were the mailbox owner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-131">**Send As permissions** The delegate can send messages from the other person's mailbox as if the delegate were the mailbox owner.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-132">This scenario is common where there is a shared mailbox and several employees send email messages from that shared mailbox instead of from their Exchange Online accounts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-132">This scenario is common where there is a shared mailbox and several employees send email messages from that shared mailbox instead of from their Exchange Online accounts.</span></span> 
    
<span data-ttu-id="697aa-133">有关委派访问权限的详细信息，请参阅[管理收件人权限](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj919240%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx)。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-133">For more information about delegating access, see [Manage Permissions for Recipients](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj919240%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span></span>
  
### <a name="inbox-rules"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-134">收件箱规则</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-134">Inbox rules</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-135">Exchange Online 允许用户创建收件箱规则，在邮件抵达后基于条件对它们自动执行特定操作。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-135">Exchange Online allows users to create inbox rules that automatically perform specific, criteria-based actions on messages as they arrive.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-136">例如，如果邮件被发送给某个通讯组，他们可以创建规则以自动移动所有邮件到特定文件夹。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-136">For example, they can create a rule to automatically move all mail to a specific folder if the mail was sent to a certain distribution group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-137">用户在 Outlook 或 web 上的 Outlook 中管理收件箱规则。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-137">Users manage inbox rules from Outlook or Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-138">通过禁用服务器端转发和/或服务器端自动回复，管理员可以阻止某些类型的收件箱规则。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-138">Administrators can block certain types of inbox rules by disabling server-side forwarding and/or server-side automatic replies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-139">例如，禁用服务器端电子邮件转发可以防止用户自动转发电子邮件给个人账户。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-139">For example, disabling server-side email forwarding can prevent users from automatically forwarding email to personal accounts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-140">同样，禁用服务器端自动回复可以防止外部方使用这些回复识别有效的电子邮件地址。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-140">Similarly, disabling server-side automatic replies can prevent outside parties from using these replies to identify valid email addresses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-141">通过远程 Windows PowerShell 进行这些更改。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-141">These changes are made through remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
  
### <a name="clutter"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-142">混乱邮件</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-142">Clutter</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-143">Clutter is designed to help you focus on the most important messages in your inbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-143">Clutter is designed to help you focus on the most important messages in your inbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-144">It uses machine learning to de-clutter your inbox by moving lower priority messages out of your way and into a new Clutter folder.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-144">It uses machine learning to de-clutter your inbox by moving lower priority messages out of your way and into a new Clutter folder.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-145">Clutter respects your existing email rules, so if you have created rules to organize your email those rules continue to be applied and Clutter won't act on those messages.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-145">Clutter respects your existing email rules, so if you have created rules to organize your email those rules continue to be applied and Clutter won't act on those messages.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-146">Clutter is disabled by default for your inbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-146">Clutter is disabled by default for your inbox.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-147">To learn more, see [De-clutter your inbox in Office 365](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/blog/2014/11/11/de-clutter-inbox-office-365/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-147">To learn more, see [De-clutter your inbox in Office 365](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/blog/2014/11/11/de-clutter-inbox-office-365/).</span></span>
  
### <a name="connected-accounts"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-148">已连接帐户</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-148">Connected accounts</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-149">通过 "已连接帐户" 功能，Exchange Online 用户可以将外部电子邮件帐户（如个人帐户）连接到 Exchange Online 中的内部电子邮件帐户，然后使用 web 上的 Outlook 将其所有邮件与一个位置进行交互。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-149">The Connected Accounts feature lets Exchange Online users connect external email accounts (such as personal accounts) to their internal email accounts in Exchange Online, and then use Outlook on the web to interact with all their messages in one place.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-150">在登录到 Outlook 网页时，已连接的帐户将自动同步。用户还可以手动从 web 上的 Outlook 同步帐户。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-150">Connected Accounts automatically synchronize upon sign-in to Outlook on the web; users can also manually synchronize the accounts from Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-151">通过 [Exchange 管理中心](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=785297&amp;clcid=0x409)，管理员可以为特定用户或所有用户启用和禁用该功能。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-151">Administrators can enable and disable this feature for specific users or all users through the [Exchange admin center](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=785297&amp;clcid=0x409).</span></span>
  
### <a name="inactive-mailboxes"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-152">非活动邮箱</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-152">Inactive mailboxes</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-153">Exchange Online provides the capability to preserve the contents of deleted mailboxes indefinitely.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-153">Exchange Online provides the capability to preserve the contents of deleted mailboxes indefinitely.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-154">This feature is called inactive mailboxes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-154">This feature is called inactive mailboxes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-155">A mailbox becomes inactive when an In-Place Hold or a Litigation Hold is placed on the mailbox before it's deleted.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-155">A mailbox becomes inactive when an In-Place Hold or a Litigation Hold is placed on the mailbox before it's deleted.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-156">This results in the contents of the mailbox being preserved indefinitely.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-156">This results in the contents of the mailbox being preserved indefinitely.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-157">Administrators, compliance officers, or record managers can use the In-Place eDiscovery feature in Exchange Online to access the contents of an inactive mailbox.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-157">Administrators, compliance officers, or record managers can use the In-Place eDiscovery feature in Exchange Online to access the contents of an inactive mailbox.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="697aa-158">启用非活动邮箱要求为邮箱分配 Exchange Online（计划 2）许可证或拥有 Exchange Online Archiving 订阅，这样可以在删除邮箱之前设置"就地保留"或"诉讼保留"功能。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-158">Enabling an inactive mailbox requires that the mailbox is assigned an Exchange Online (Plan 2) license or has an Exchange Online Archiving subscription so that an In-Place Hold or a Litigation Hold can be placed on the mailbox before it's deleted.</span></span>
  
> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-159">If a hold isn't placed on a mailbox before it's deleted, the contents of the mailbox will not be preserved or discoverable.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-159">If a hold isn't placed on a mailbox before it's deleted, the contents of the mailbox will not be preserved or discoverable.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-160">The mailbox can be recovered within 30 days of deletion, but the mailbox and its contents will be permanently deleted after 30 days if it isn't recovered.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-160">The mailbox can be recovered within 30 days of deletion, but the mailbox and its contents will be permanently deleted after 30 days if it isn't recovered.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="697aa-161">有关详细信息，请参阅：</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-161">For more information, see:</span></span>
  
- [<span data-ttu-id="697aa-162">在 Exchange Online 中管理非活动邮箱</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-162">Manage inactive mailboxes in Exchange Online</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=286991)
    
- [<span data-ttu-id="697aa-163">就地保留和诉讼保留</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-163">In-Place Hold and Litigation Hold</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271746)
    
- [<span data-ttu-id="697aa-164">就地电子数据展示</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-164">In-Place eDiscovery</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271747)
    
## <a name="contacts-and-distribution-groups"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-165">联系人和通讯组</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-165">Contacts and distribution groups</span></span>

### <a name="offline-address-book"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-166">脱机通讯簿</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-166">Offline address book</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-167">脱机通讯簿功能提供了 Outlook 全局地址列表（GAL）中可用的 Active Directory 信息的快照。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-167">The offline address book feature provides a snapshot of the Active Directory information available in the Outlook Global Address List (GAL).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-168">它在 Outlook 中本地缓存，以便在用户脱机工作时可用。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-168">It is cached locally in Outlook to make it available when a user is working offline.</span></span>
  
### <a name="address-book-policies"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-169">通讯簿策略</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-169">Address book policies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-170">Exchange Online 支持通讯簿策略。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-170">Exchange Online supports address book policies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-171">通过通讯簿策略 (ABP)，可以将用户分割成特定的组，以提供组织全局通讯簿 (GAL) 的自定义视图。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-171">Address book policies (ABPs) allow you to segment users into specific groups to provide customized views of your organization's global address list (GAL).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-172">在创建 ABP 时，可以为策略指定一个 GAL、一个脱机通讯簿 (OAB)、一个房间列表以及一个或多个地址列表。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-172">When creating an ABP, you assign a GAL, an offline address book (OAB), a room list, and one or more address lists to the policy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-173">然后，您可以将 ABP 分配给邮箱用户，向他们提供对 Outlook 和 web 上的 Outlook 中的自定义 GAL 的访问权限。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-173">You can then assign the ABP to mailbox users, providing them with access to a customized GAL in Outlook and Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-174">管理员可以使用远程 Windows PowerShell 来配置通讯簿策略。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-174">Administrators can configure address book policies by using remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-175">若要详细了解通讯簿策略，请参阅 [Exchange Online 中的通讯簿](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=394203)。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-175">To learn more about Address Book Policies, see [Address Books in Exchange Online](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=394203).</span></span>
  
### <a name="address-lists"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-176">地址列表</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-176">Address lists</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-177">Exchange Online 支持自定义地址列表和 Gal。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-177">Exchange Online supports the customization of address lists and GALs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-178">GAL 是所有启用邮件的用户、通讯组和外部联系人的组织范围的目录。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-178">A GAL is an organization-wide directory of all mail-enabled users, distribution groups, and external contacts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-179">管理员可以使用目录同步工具或远程 Windows PowerShell 来隐藏 GAL 中的用户、通讯组和联系人。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-179">Administrators can hide users, distribution groups, and contacts from the GAL by using the Directory Synchronization tool or remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
  
### <a name="hierarchical-address-books"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-180">分层通讯簿</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-180">Hierarchical address books</span></span>

 <span data-ttu-id="697aa-181">Hierarchical address books allow end users to browse for recipients in their Exchange organization using an organizational hierarchy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-181">Hierarchical address books allow end users to browse for recipients in their Exchange organization using an organizational hierarchy.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-182">Administrators can customize the address book by seniority and rank rather than alphabetical listings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-182">Administrators can customize the address book by seniority and rank rather than alphabetical listings.</span></span> 
  
### <a name="distribution-groups-global"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-183">通讯组（全局）</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-183">Distribution groups (global)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-184">通讯组（或通讯组列表）是对公司所有用户可用的用户、联系人和其他通讯组的集合。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-184">A distribution group (or distribution list) is a collection of users, contacts, and other distribution groups that are available to all users in a company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-185">用户定址电子邮件给通讯组别名以发送邮件给该组中的所有人员。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-185">Users address email to a distribution group alias to send messages to all people in the group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-186">通讯组类似于个人在 Outlook 中创建的个人通讯组，唯一区别是他们的成员列表在公司全局可用。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-186">Distribution groups are similar to personal distribution groups that individuals create in Outlook, only their member lists are globally available to the company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-187">管理员在 Exchange 管理中心创建通讯组。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-187">Administrators create distribution groups in the Exchange admin center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-188">还可从内部部署 Active Directory 将该组与 Exchange Online 同步。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-188">The groups can also be synchronized with Exchange Online from on-premises Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-189">它们显示在 Outlook 中的 GAL 中。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-189">They appear in the GAL in Outlook.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-190">Exchange Online 支持高级通讯组功能，包括如下介绍的这些功能：</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-190">Exchange Online supports advanced distribution group capabilities, including these described below:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="697aa-191">**Restricted distribution groups** By default, anyone can send emails to any distribution group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-191">**Restricted distribution groups** By default, anyone can send emails to any distribution group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-192">Administrators can change permissions to allow only specific individuals to send emails to a particular group—for example, to discourage inappropriate use of large distribution lists.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-192">Administrators can change permissions to allow only specific individuals to send emails to a particular group—for example, to discourage inappropriate use of large distribution lists.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-193">Administrators can also block external sources from sending email to distribution groups to help prevent spam.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-193">Administrators can also block external sources from sending email to distribution groups to help prevent spam.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-194">For distribution groups that are synchronized from on-premises Active Directory using the Directory Synchronization tool, the attributes for restriction are synchronized to the cloud automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-194">For distribution groups that are synchronized from on-premises Active Directory using the Directory Synchronization tool, the attributes for restriction are synchronized to the cloud automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-195">For more information, see [Manage Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt577270%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-195">For more information, see [Manage Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt577270%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="697aa-196">**Dynamic distribution groups** The membership list for a dynamic distribution group (also known as a dynamic distribution list, or query-based distribution list) is calculated every time a message is sent to the group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-196">**Dynamic distribution groups** The membership list for a dynamic distribution group (also known as a dynamic distribution list, or query-based distribution list) is calculated every time a message is sent to the group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-197">This calculation is based on filters and conditions that the administrator defines.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-197">This calculation is based on filters and conditions that the administrator defines.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-198">They are managed in Exchange Online through remote Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-198">They are managed in Exchange Online through remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-199">For more information about dynamic distribution groups, see [Manage Dynamic Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/bb123722%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-199">For more information about dynamic distribution groups, see [Manage Dynamic Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/bb123722%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span></span>
    
    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > <span data-ttu-id="697aa-200">The Office 365 Directory Synchronization tool ignores dynamic distribution groups in on-premises Active Directory, and does not synchronize these to Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-200">The Office 365 Directory Synchronization tool ignores dynamic distribution groups in on-premises Active Directory, and does not synchronize these to Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-201">Organizations that use the Directory Synchronization tool should use a naming convention that avoids conflicts between the regular distribution groups that are managed on-premises and the dynamic distribution groups that are managed in Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-201">Organizations that use the Directory Synchronization tool should use a naming convention that avoids conflicts between the regular distribution groups that are managed on-premises and the dynamic distribution groups that are managed in Exchange Online.</span></span> 
  
- <span data-ttu-id="697aa-202">**Moderated distribution groups** Administrators can select a moderator to regulate the flow of messages to a distribution group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-202">**Moderated distribution groups** Administrators can select a moderator to regulate the flow of messages to a distribution group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-203">With moderated distribution groups, anyone can email the distribution group alias, but before the message is delivered to the members of the group, a moderator must review and approve it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-203">With moderated distribution groups, anyone can email the distribution group alias, but before the message is delivered to the members of the group, a moderator must review and approve it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-204">For more information about moderation, see the Message Approval section in [Manage Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt577270%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-204">For more information about moderation, see the Message Approval section in [Manage Distribution Groups](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/mt577270%28v=exchg.160%29.aspx).</span></span>
    
- <span data-ttu-id="697aa-205">**Self-Service distribution groups** Administrators can give users the ability to manage their own distribution group membership from a web-based interface.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-205">**Self-Service distribution groups** Administrators can give users the ability to manage their own distribution group membership from a web-based interface.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-206">Users can be given permissions to create, delete, join, or leave distribution groups.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-206">Users can be given permissions to create, delete, join, or leave distribution groups.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-207">These capabilities are enabled by default for all Exchange Online users.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-207">These capabilities are enabled by default for all Exchange Online users.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-208">Administrators can disable them so that only the IT department can manage distribution groups, if desired.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-208">Administrators can disable them so that only the IT department can manage distribution groups, if desired.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-209">They can also create naming policies to standardize and manage the names of distribution groups that their users create.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-209">They can also create naming policies to standardize and manage the names of distribution groups that their users create.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-210">For example, they can add a specific prefix or suffix to the distribution group name when it is created, or block specific words from being used in the group's name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-210">For example, they can add a specific prefix or suffix to the distribution group name when it is created, or block specific words from being used in the group's name.</span></span> 
    
    > [!IMPORTANT]
    > <span data-ttu-id="697aa-211">Self-service capabilities are not available for distribution groups that are synchronized from on-premises Active Directory to Exchange Online.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-211">Self-service capabilities are not available for distribution groups that are synchronized from on-premises Active Directory to Exchange Online.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-212">Organizations that use Directory Synchronization should use a naming convention that avoids conflicts between distribution groups that are managed on-premises and distribution groups that are managed in the cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-212">Organizations that use Directory Synchronization should use a naming convention that avoids conflicts between distribution groups that are managed on-premises and distribution groups that are managed in the cloud.</span></span> 
  
### <a name="external-contacts-global"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-213">外部联系人（全局）</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-213">External contacts (global)</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-214">外部联系人是在指定组织之外工作的人员信息的记录。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-214">An external contact is a record with information about a person who works outside of a specified organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-215">外部联系人类似于个人在 Outlook 中创建的个人通讯组，唯一区别是他们对公司全局可用。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-215">External contacts are similar to personal contacts that individuals create in Outlook, only they are globally available to the company.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-216">管理员可以使用 Exchange 管理中心或远程 Windows PowerShell 创建外部联系人。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-216">Administrators create external contacts using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-217">还可从内部部署 Active Directory 将这些联系人与 Exchange Online 同步。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-217">These contacts can also be synchronized with Exchange Online from on-premises Active Directory.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-218">它们显示在 Outlook 中的 GAL 中。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-218">They appear in the GAL in Outlook.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="697aa-219">有关外部联系人的详细信息，请参阅[在 Exchange Online 中创建组织关系](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj916671%28v=exchg.150%29.aspx)。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-219">For more information about external contacts, see [Create an organization relationship in Exchange Online](https://technet.microsoft.com/library/jj916671%28v=exchg.150%29.aspx).</span></span>
  
## <a name="calendar-and-scheduling"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-220">日历和计划</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-220">Calendar and scheduling</span></span>

### <a name="resource-mailboxes"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-221">资源邮箱</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-221">Resource mailboxes</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-222">资源邮箱（如用于会议室和物理设备）代表公司的会议室或其他设施或资源。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-222">Resource mailboxes (such as for conference rooms and physical equipment) represent a company's meeting rooms or other facilities or resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-223">用户可以通过在 Outlook 或 web 上的 Outlook 中将资源的电子邮件别名添加到会议请求中，来保留会议室或资源。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-223">Users can reserve rooms or resources by adding the resource's email alias to meeting requests in Outlook or Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-224">会议室和资源显示在 Outlook 和 web 上的 Outlook 中的 GAL 中。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-224">Conference rooms and resources appear in the GAL in Outlook and Outlook on the web.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="697aa-225">Administrators create resource mailboxes using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-225">Administrators create resource mailboxes using the Exchange admin center or remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-226">The mailboxes can also be synchronized with Exchange Online from on-premises Active Directory.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-226">The mailboxes can also be synchronized with Exchange Online from on-premises Active Directory.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="697aa-227">有关资源邮箱的详细信息，请参阅：</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-227">For more information about resource mailboxes, see:</span></span>
  
- [<span data-ttu-id="697aa-228">创建和管理会议室邮箱</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-228">Create and manage room mailboxes</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=717533&amp;clcid=0x409)
    
- [<span data-ttu-id="697aa-229">管理设备邮箱</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-229">Manage equipment mailboxes</span></span>](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=717534)
    
### <a name="conference-room-management"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-230">会议室管理</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-230">Conference room management</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-231">Exchange Online includes the Resource Booking Attendant (RBA), which automates scheduling of conference rooms and other resources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-231">Exchange Online includes the Resource Booking Attendant (RBA), which automates scheduling of conference rooms and other resources.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-232">A resource mailbox that is RBA-configured accepts, declines, or acknowledges meeting requests from a meeting organizer based on the resource's calendar availability.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-232">A resource mailbox that is RBA-configured accepts, declines, or acknowledges meeting requests from a meeting organizer based on the resource's calendar availability.</span></span> 
  
<span data-ttu-id="697aa-233">管理员可以自定义自动会议室响应，并在 web 上的 Outlook 中配置预订策略。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-233">Administrators can customize automated conference room responses and configure booking policies in Outlook on the web.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-234">这些策略包括可以计划资源的人员、何时计划资源、什么会议信息在资源日历上可见和允许的计划冲突百分比。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-234">These policies include who can schedule the resource, when it can be scheduled, what meeting information is visible on the resource's calendar, and the percentage of scheduling conflicts allowed.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-235">管理员可以禁用资源预订助理并分配特定用户以手动管理会议室的会议请求。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-235">Administrators can disable the Resource Booking Attendant and assign specific users to manually manage meeting requests for conference rooms.</span></span>
  
<span data-ttu-id="697aa-236">管理员必须通过远程 Windows PowerShell 定义和管理 RBA 设置。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-236">Administrators must define and manage RBA settings through remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
  
### <a name="out-of-office-replies"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-237">“外出”回复</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-237">Out-of-office replies</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-238">Out-of-office messages are automatic replies to incoming messages that Exchange Online sends on behalf of a user.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-238">Out-of-office messages are automatic replies to incoming messages that Exchange Online sends on behalf of a user.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-239">Users can schedule out-of-office messages in advance, with specific start and end times, and can configure separate out-of-office messages for internal and external recipients.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-239">Users can schedule out-of-office messages in advance, with specific start and end times, and can configure separate out-of-office messages for internal and external recipients.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-240">They can also set out-of-office messages from mobile devices that support this Exchange ActiveSync feature.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-240">They can also set out-of-office messages from mobile devices that support this Exchange ActiveSync feature.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-241">Junk-email and mailing-list awareness within Exchange Online prevents users from sending external out-of-office messages to extended mailing lists and potential spammers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-241">Junk-email and mailing-list awareness within Exchange Online prevents users from sending external out-of-office messages to extended mailing lists and potential spammers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-242">Administrators can also prevent users from sending out-of-office messages to external users using remote Windows PowerShell.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-242">Administrators can also prevent users from sending out-of-office messages to external users using remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
  
### <a name="calendar-sharing"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-243">日历共享</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-243">Calendar sharing</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-244">用户可以使用以下两种方法之一共享他们的个人日历：</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-244">Users can share their personal calendar in one of two ways:</span></span>
  
- <span data-ttu-id="697aa-245">**联合日历共享** 联合身份验证指支持"联盟共享"（Exchange 用户与其他外部联盟组织中的收件人共享闲/忙日历数据和联系人信息的一种简单方法）的基本信任基础结构。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-245">**Federated calendar sharing** Federation refers to the underlying trust infrastructure that supports federated sharing, an easy method for Exchange users to share free/busy calendar data and contact information with recipients in other external federated organizations.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-246">这包括 Exchange Online 组织或运行 Exchange Server 2010 或 Exchange Server 2013 内部部署的组织。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-246">These include Exchange Online organizations or organizations running Exchange Server 2010 or Exchange Server 2013 on-premises.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-247">Exchange Online 管理员无需设置与 Microsoft 联合网关的信任，因为在创建 Microsoft 服务时，将为所有 Exchange Online 客户预配置此信任。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-247">Exchange Online administrators do not need to set up a trust with the Microsoft Federation Gateway because this trust is pre-configured for all Exchange Online customers when the Microsoft service is created.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-248">默认共享策略允许用户从 web 或 Outlook 2010 发送来自 Outlook 的日历共享邀请。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-248">A default sharing policy allows users to send calendar-sharing invitations from Outlook on the web or Outlook 2010.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-249">管理员使用远程 Windows PowerShell 禁用该策略，或配置用户可以共享的闲/忙日历数据级别。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-249">Administrators use remote Windows PowerShell to disable this policy or to configure the level of free/busy calendar data that users can share.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-250">管理员还可以创建与另一个联合组织的组织对组织关系，这允许所需闲/忙信息级别对跨组织的每个用户可见，而无需单个用户进行共享邀请。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-250">Administrators can also create an organization-to-organization relationship with another federated org, which allows the desired level of free/busy information for every user to be visible cross-organization without the need for individual users to make a sharing invitation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-251">在管理员定义的共享策略和/或组织对组织关系范围内，用户可以单独进一步限制他们共享的详细信息。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-251">Within the scope of administrator-defined Sharing Policies and/or organization-organization relationships, users can individually limit the detail of their sharing further.</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="697aa-252">**Internet 日历共享** Exchange Online 允许用户使用 iCal 格式发布他们的日历，以由组织内外的任何人匿名访问。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-252">**Internet calendar sharing** Exchange Online allows users to publish their calendars using the iCal format for anonymous access by anyone inside or outside the organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-253">收件人可以使用 Exchange（另一个平台）或仅仅使用 Web 浏览器。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-253">Recipients can be using Exchange, another platform, or simply a web browser.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-254">Exchange Online 用户也可以通过 iCal 订阅其他人已发布到 internet 位置的日历。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-254">Exchange Online users can also subscribe to calendars that others have published to internet locations through iCal.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-255">该个人日历共享与联合日历共享不同，它由管理员配置并提供组织对组织的闲/忙共享。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-255">This personal calendar sharing is different than federated calendar sharing, which is configured by an administrator and provides organization-to-organization free/busy sharing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-256">任何用户都不能以 iCal 格式发布日历数据，直到管理员设置并应用了允许它的共享策略。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-256">No user can publish calendar data in iCal format until the administrator has set and applied a sharing policy that allows it.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-257">管理员可以使用远程 Windows PowerShell，禁用组织用户的 iCal 发布和 iCal 订阅。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-257">Administrators can disable iCal publishing and iCal subscriptions for users in an organization by using remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
    
<span data-ttu-id="697aa-258">有关联合共享的详细信息，请参阅 [Exchange Online 中的共享](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271774)。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-258">For more information about federated sharing, see [Sharing in Exchange Online](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=271774).</span></span>
  
### <a name="outlook-2010-room-finder"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-259">Outlook 2010 会议室查找工具</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-259">Outlook 2010 Room Finder</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-260">Exchange Online supports the Room Finder feature of Outlook 2010, which arranges rooms into lists (for example, a list called "Building 5 rooms") to make it easier to find a nearby room when scheduling a meeting.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-260">Exchange Online supports the Room Finder feature of Outlook 2010, which arranges rooms into lists (for example, a list called "Building 5 rooms") to make it easier to find a nearby room when scheduling a meeting.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="697aa-261">To appear in the room list, a distribution group must be specially marked using one of two methods:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-261">To appear in the room list, a distribution group must be specially marked using one of two methods:</span></span> 
  
- <span data-ttu-id="697aa-262">可以使用远程 Windows PowerShell 创建新房间列表。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-262">A new room list can be created by using remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span> 
    
- <span data-ttu-id="697aa-263">可以通过远程 Windows PowerShell 转换任何仅包含房间的通讯组为房间列表。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-263">Any distribution group that contains only rooms can be converted to a room list through remote Windows PowerShell.</span></span>
    
## <a name="feature-availability"></a><span data-ttu-id="697aa-264">功能可用性</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-264">Feature availability</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="697aa-265">若要查看跨计划、独立选项和本地解决方案的功能可用性，请参阅[Exchange Online 服务说明](exchange-online-service-description.md)。</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="697aa-265">To view feature availability across plans, standalone options, and on-premises solutions, see [Exchange Online service description](exchange-online-service-description.md).</span></span>
  